DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"Drago's on Fire! \"
MARUCHO: That Bakugan was once my Preyas.
He meant everything to me!
I've got to tell you, he was quite the character!
Together with my friend Dan and his Drago
and Runo's Tigrerra, we were a very formidable team!
But as it turned out, they were the ones
who were forced to send my Preyas to the Doom Dimension.
But now I'm back, Marucho!
And I'm Badder than ever!
And mine for one battle!
So you up for a little combat?
Yeah!
And now it's time to get down
to some serious Bakugan!
I'll start!
Gate Card Open!
Energy Merge!
What the?
RUNO: Energy Merge is a Gate Card that allows
a Bakugan to siphon up to a 100 G's from the Bakugan
that was shot last!
BAKUPOD: Energy Merge in effect!
This time it's personal!
N-No! Impossible!
We did it!
Okay you guys, now it's my turn!
Bakugan Brawl!
Siege Stand!
BAKUPOD: Battle commenced.
Fourtress Awaken!
Bakugan Brawl!
Fourtress Stand!
BAKUPOD: Seige Power Level increase to 450 G's.
I am Fourtress!
Master of the Flame!
My anger will burn anything in my path!
BAKUPOD: Power boost of 50Gs.
Now you will feel my ragggggeeeeee!
Wow! That was way easy!
Stuff it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Griffon Stand!
Klaus! Your move!
Gate Card Set...
Bakugan Brawl!
Sirenoid Stand!
[laughter]
BAKUPOD: Sirenoid has entered the battle...
Ha!
This is going to be easy... for me!
Ability Card Activate!
Dive Mirage!
MARUCHO: I've got a bad feeling about this, Dan!
Ah! Gate Card Open!
Dan, no!
With Klaus' Dive Mirage Activated,
your Gate Card is rendered completely useless!
Yes, that's it...
Come to me...
No way!
My Griffon is a goner!
Un... real...
Runo! It's up to you!
No problem!
Gate Card Set!
'Kay Tigrerra!
Bakugan Brawl! Tigrerra Stand!
Ha!
Time to put kitty back in the kennel!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Fear Ripper Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle commencing...
When's it my turn to two step?
How about right now!
[laughing]
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas Stand!
Have no fear...
Preyas is here!
BAKUPOD: Preyas enters at 340 G's.
So... Let's get this party started!
Ability Card Activate!
Blue Stealth!
Watch!
Now you see me, now you don't!
BAKUPOD: Preyas Power Increase by 50 G's.
Fear Ripper decreased by 50 G's.
How do you like so far?
Ha!
That was totally lame!
I can trump that second grade move
with my eyes closed, kid!
Gate Card Open!
You can't see me!
Na na na na na na...
It won't open!
I must have forgotten...
I hate to break it to you but,
my Gate Card leaves your Gate Card useless.
Why you!
Oh Mr. Ripper!
Peek a boo, I see you!
Hey lunkhead, I'm over here!
Say hello to my little...
foot!
Yeah!
You brat!
My turn!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
BAKUPOD: Manion has entered battle.
Gate Card Set!
BAKUPOD: Battle resumes...
You ready, Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
BAKUPOD: Drago enters.
Power Level at 400 G's.
Get ready, boys!
Ability Card...
Activate!
Whenever I need extra power,
my Pyrus Manion never lets me down!
BAKUPOD: Power Increase detected.
Is that all you got?
Ability Card Activate!
Boosted Dragon!
BAKUPOD: Drago Power Increase.
Yeah! Alright!
How'd you...
...do that?
It's happening again!
My body ...
Wait! That's it!
Maybe I'm beginning to evolve?
Well, well...
That Dragonoid is one amped up Bakugan...
I think it would make a perfect addition
to my collection...
Nobody touches my Drago 'cept me, Klaus!
Ewwwww!
It's the sign!
Now the fun begins!
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Griffon Stand!
Come on! You going to battle or what?
I don't have all day!
Bakugan Brawl!
TENTACLEAR Stand!
RUNO: No, not again!
Oh why does that creep keep ignoring my Tigrerra?
BAKUPOD: Field ready
for Bakugan Battle to commence.
I'm a little confused...
Why isn't Griffon or Tentaclear making a move?
Let's see...
water... light...
and fire are out there...
That's it!
Spill it!
What's the big revelation, chief?
Don't you see it?
With the combination of water, light and fire,
they're going to activate the Triple Node Attack!
You sure?
Not good!
Say, I've got a fabulous idea!
What'd ya say we run?
MARUCHO: The Triple Node Ability works like this.
When three players in one battle throw down
a combination of either Fire, Water and Light
or Wind, Earth and Darkon,
the power levels of each of those Bakugan increase
by 200 G's!
Yo, Flex!
I'm ready to do some damage!
Now let's get this shin-dig started
'cause I'm ready to party, yo!
It's the strongest combination
of the Hexagonal Circle!
And that means we have to stop them NOW!
Locked and loaded!
That's it...
Step right into our little trap...
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas Stand!
He fell for it!
Gate Card Open!
Mine Ghost Activated.
Preyas, look out!
Stick around and watch me win,
after these messages!
Now, back to the Bakugan Battle!
DAN: Holy smoke!
Klaus' Mine Ghost Ability wiped out BOTH Bakugan!
It was a Trap Card!
No!
Not again, Preyas!
DAN: Why would he send Preyas and his own Griffon
to the Doom Dimension?
Don't you get it?
The Triple Node was just a diversion for Klaus
to use his Mine Ghost!
And not to brag or anything, losers,
but it looks like our little plan worked
to perfection!
[laughter]
This time your Preyas is stuck in the Doom Dimension
forever!
But I'm sure Griffon will keep him company.
PREYAS: Not so fast, Quick Draw!
This fight ain't over yet!
Ta-daaa!
I get the feeling you don't like me!
It worked!
My Dive Mirage saved Preyas!
What Dive Mirage move?
Right... I'll explain...
When I sensed Klaus was going to use his Mine Ghost...
I activated my Dive Mirage Ability!
You sneak!
That was so sweet!
That was so cool! Way to go!
Hey... it was nothing...
I'm just glad I didn't lose Preyas again!
Thanks for saving my bacon, Marucho!
Sooo...
You think you're pretty smart, don't you?
Smarter than you'll be, Klaus Von Stupid!
Nobody loves me!
You're mine, Preyas!
Bak-u-gan... Brawl!
Fourtress Stand!
Gate Card Open!
Quartet Battle Activated.
What?
I know that move!
It's one where all the Bakugan are forced
to battle against each other!
Yeah, and it's up to them...
to chose who they want to battle against!
Not to mention we can throw in any new Bakugan!
Drago!
RUNO: Oh no!
It looks like it's Fourtress, Tentaclear and Sirenoid
against your Drago, Dan!
Oh snap!
That's three against one!
That's not good!
BAKUPOD: Calculating Battle power levels.
Drago at 500 G's against a combined power level
of 1110 G's.
What do I do, guys?
Ya gotta put me in, coach!
Yes, I too feel useless.
Now that our Battle Ability is activated...
You can use any of your useless Ability Cards
you like against it.
I'm really not much of a team player...
but this way, our win is guaranteed.
Ability Card Activate!
Forcing Wind!
[laughter]
BAKUPOD: Power Level increase detected.
I have to do something to increase Drago's power level
and quick!
Ability Card Activate!
Fire, Water and Light!
Triple Node!
BAKUPOD: Brawlers' Power Increase detected.
DAN: Drago's Power Level is up to 700 G's!
[laughter]
If you think that 700 G's is going to save your butts...
you're dreaming!
Ability Card Activate!
Solar Ray!
BAKUPOD: Power Increase detected to 1310 G's.
Im-possible!
DRAGO: This may be my demise!
Well? Are you three little stooges going to battle or not?
Maybe they're just too yellow?
Let's give them a minute or two
before we destroy their Bakugan...
After all, it's only sporting...
I have an idea, guys!
It's down to this card...
Tigrerra's Cut In Slayer Ability!
[ROAR]
It's a risk, but we don't have a choice...
Once I throw down this card,
all our Bakugan power levels will go way up...
One catch...
If one of our Bakugan is defeated,
it can't go back into battle...
In other words, we're history!
If it is our only hope,
then it is a risk we must take!
Tigrerra?
Please... We must!
Well, I say we light this candle
and show these yahoos what we're made of!
That means I'm in...
Are you sure, Preyas?
Well, Dan?
Let's do it!
Ability Card Activate!
Cut In Slayer!
This is for all Bakugan!
Tigrerra!
Preyas present and ready for action!
Preyas!
With you two at my side, we cannot fail!
With their Triple Node Activated...
Their power level could reach 540 G's each!
Plus Drago's power!
BAKUPOD: Brawlers combined Power Level to 1780 G's.
BAKUPOD: Power surge detected...
How's he doing that?
DAN: Man, I've never seen anything' like this before!
RUNO: Yeah...
Drago!
Dragoo!
Could... this really be?
I've got to put a stop to this!
Ability Card Activate!
Water and Light!
BAKUPOD: Combined Power Level Increase detected.
That's it, Chan!
We've got 'em now!
[incredible roar]
Aw man!
D-Drago, you've evolved!
So this is what my new body feels like!
Pyrus Delta Dragonoid!
[echoes]
No way!
Dragonoid?
Whoaaaa... He's evolved!
BAKUPOD: Brawlers' at 1830 G's.
Oh wow, that is totally off the charts!
Okay... Did we win the battle or not?
Oh yeah!
'Cause we're at 1910 G's!
But then again, was there ever any doubt?
[laughter]
Ability Card Activate!
Here goes!
Attaccckkk!
Delta Draganoid!
BAKUPOD: Drago Power Increase to 950 G's.
We're toast...
[screaming]
[groaning]
They beat us...
Need help?
I gotta tell ya, you put up one heck of a battle...
and I respect that...
And maybe one day soon we can play again...
What'd ya say?
Oh yeah, and next time, let's leave Masquerade
out of it...
I must admit, you beat us fair and square.
And sorry for using these...
our bad...
Chan's right.
We were blinded by Masquerade.
And what's worse, we almost lost sight
of the most important thing...
playing fair...
They are finally free of Masquerade!
And you, Drago...
It was nice to see your evolution.
How does it feel, big guy?
I'm just glad Preyas made it...
anyone seen him?
Marucho...
You know that Preyas only belonged to you
for just that one battle...
Now you have to give him back to Klaus
because he's his rightful master...
Actually, I think Preyas deserves to be with you.
Say what?
I'll never let you go!
PREYAS: Hey, I can't breathe!
[laughter]
MARUCHO: I guess this is it, but if you guys need a ride...
I appreciate the offer, but I own three
private jets myself...
In fact, one is on its way here as we speak.
Hey, I got an idea, you guys!
How about a little battle while we wait?
Yeah, I know, it'll be good practice for when we
finally meet up that creep Masquerade!
We would really love for you to team up with us!
Sorry, we're not interested...
but thank you anyway.
You see, ever since I started battling
with Julio and Klaus, we've kind of grown close...
Besides, it looks like you're on a mission.
You're right...
Well, we gotta go...
Maybe one day we'll hook up again...
See ya...
Hang on a sec...
I have one question...
Do you know a guy by the name of Joe?
He's our site's Webmaster.
What'd ya doin'?
How would they know who he is, Shun?
Just forget it and let's get...
Yeah, I know him...
Just a kid...
He's kinda sickly and he lives in the hospital...
From what I heard I'm sure it won't surprise you.
That is so freaky...
Totally freaky!
How in the world do you know about him anyway, Chan?
So, are you like going out with him or somethin'?
Hey that's none...
that's none of your business...
Ohhhh, someone's in love!
That means Joe works for Masquerade!
Who cares, they're in love!
Oh great...
He's a spy!
Ya think?
Would ya knock it off, Runo?
Chan, does Joe ever talk to Masquerade?
Why don't you ask him yourself?
JULIE: Way to go, Drago!
You're the first Bakugan to evolve!
So cool!
Ya should have seen it! It was awesome!
Yes, it was quite exhilarating I should say!
That means Drago is one step closer
to the Infinity Core!
Way to go, big guy!
Yes, that's true, Preyas,
but we still have a long journey ahead.
And we still have to find the Infinity Core.
Tigrerra's right...
Even with Drago's evolution,
we're nowhere...
We just have to find the Core or else that creep
Masquerade wins...
And to find Masquerade we first have to find Joe...
And he lives in Kir City.
Hang on!
If this Joe dude is in cahoots Masquerade,
then there's a chance he might know
where the Infinity Core is hiding out.
Then there's only one thing to do...
We need to take a road trip to find Joe.
Dan, are you familiar at all with Kir City?
Hey!
You think Joe's Masquerade?
Whoa!
That's kinda a stretch, Shun,
but it's something I never really thought of before!
All I'm saying is it's a possibility.
Hey wait!
Let's not get too far ahead of ourselves, guys...
Let's get some shut eye...
we'll figure it out tomorrow...
Good plan.
Yes, excellent idea.
Well, good night all.
Good night!
NAGA: What do you think you are doing?
You allowed Drago to evolve!
There is nothing to worry about...
Everything is going precisely as planned, Naga.
You see, if we can take down the evolved Dragonoid,
then our Hydranoid will be that much closer
to becoming the Ultimate Bakugan.
Please...
Trust in me and we'll... win.
DAN: Coming up on Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
we decide to take a road trip to find Joe,
our webmaster who was holed up in a hospital.
We kinda got the feeling he was really working
for Masquerade,
so when I asked him if it was true
and he said he'd tell me if I battle him.
Well, turns out Joe's one wicked player
and once the battle heated up...
Gate Card Open!
I got the feeling he was coming hard for my Drago!
And if there's one thing nobody touches,
it's my Drago!
You got that!
Bakugan Brawl!
See ya there!